the UN Secretary General Antonio gues
says dramatic violations of
international humanitarian law in Gaza
must stop the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees said six of its staff were
killed on Wednesday in an Israeli air
strike on a school that it runs in a
refugee camp in central Gaza the Hamas
run government media office said at
least 18 people were killed Israel's
military said it had conducted a precise
air strike on what it called terrorists
operating in the camp our correspondent
Daniel Simone in Jerusalem gave us more
details about last night's developments
well this attack uh took place yesterday
um the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees uh said it's the single
deadliest incident for its staff since
the war between Israel and Hamas began
in October last year the agency said six
of its staff were killed the agency's
head says that now brings uh the total
of its staff killed during this war to
at least
220 uh the un's uh head Antonio gutes
has condemned what happened said it's
unacceptable and and he said that
dramatic violations of international law
must stop uh the agency itself said uh
the school has been home to around
12,000 displaced people and that this
was the fifth time during this war that
this school had had been struck and the
agency said that um no one is safe in
Gaza and previously Israel has accused
anra of supporting Hamas what have they
said about this recent
incident well the Israeli military said
it conducted a precise air strike on
what it said were terrorists operating a
Comm a Hamas command and control center
in in the compound they said those there
were were plotting and executing attacks
on Israeli troops and on on Israel
itself and then it took uh uh mitigation
measures to um avoid harming uh
civilians and it said that actually this
showed uh what it said was another
example of Hamas exploiting uh civilian
infrastructure uh for its own purposes
as you say the the Israel has previously
been very critical of the agency of this
UN agency very critical of what it said
were its neutrality it said that some
staff had taken part in the attack last
October on Israel by Hamas uh there was
actually a a un investigation into these
claims and several staff were then
sacked by the un uh after being found of
there was evidence was found to suggest
that they had indeed Taken part some
other staff were knock sacked because
the evidence according to the UN didn't
meet the threshold for them to to be
dismissed Daniel do someone there for us
in Jerusalem